Republican Sen. Ben Sasse on Trump: The way he kisses dictators butts, I mean, the way he ignores that the Uighurs are in literal concentration camps in Xinjiang right now. He hasnt lifted a finger on behalf of the Hong-Kongers. 
trib.al/I82yIaS
A new report has identified more than 380 suspected detention facilities in Chinas Xinjiang region, which were built and expanded — even as Chinese officials claimed most of the ethnic Uighurs and others sent there had returned to society.
trib.al/yxdcWth
Across China, life has returned to normal — except in Xinjiang. Some 22 million people remain under heavy lockdown, many of whom question its severity. 

The government has used an ax where a scalpel was needed, said a resident.
trib.al/91qTMfa
The Trump administration has put visa and asset sanctions on several Chinese officials for what it says is their role in gross violations of human rights in Xinjiang, where Uighurs and other minorities have been detained and tortured.
trib.al/2y5a366
Opinion: The forced imprisonment of more than a million Muslim Uighurs in detention camps in Chinas Xinjiang region may make Americans feel outraged. 

But many may ask, what does that have to do with me?

Look down at your shoes, says @nprscottsimon. n.pr/2L2TJlJ
Human rights experts estimate that 1.5 million Uighur Muslims and members of other ethnic minority groups, including Chinese-born Kazakhs, have been detained in Xinjiang since 2016. n.pr/2nXyBVq
Human rights experts estimate that 1.5 million Uighur Muslims and members of other ethnic minority groups, including Chinese-born Kazakhs, have been detained in Xinjiang since 2016. n.pr/2OH77i0
Chinese authorities have been moving Muslim minorities in northwest China from detention centers to formal prisons, their relatives tell NPR.

They are targeting people somehow related to religion, said one man whose brothers are being held in Xinjiang.
n.pr/2Ovtw1E
Since the 1950s, all of Xinjiangs glaciers have retreated by between 21 percent to 27 percent. n.pr/2yBGQtH
China: Serious Terrorist Attack Kills 50 In Xinjiang n.pr/1DCSUoV