renderedContent
An arrangement to allow air travelers between Hong Kong and Singapore to bypass a 14-day quarantine has been delayed after Hong Kong reported a spike in coronavirus cases. trib.al/qlL2YA3
Britain and the European Union have condemned Chinas move to disqualify four pro-democracy lawmakers in Hong Kong — an action that sparked the mass resignation of the opposition in the citys legislature.
trib.al/909ffAx
Hong Kongs opposition lawmakers are resigning en masse to protest the expulsion of four fellow pro-democracy legislators that Beijing deems secessionist, after China granted local authorities new powers to remove politicians.
trib.al/HBEqCLT
Chinese and Hong Kong officials vowed the new national security law only would target a small minority. Instead, authorities are rounding up Hong Kongers at all levels of the civil society and education sectors, censoring textbooks and raiding newsrooms. trib.al/kbxAfW4
After bringing the number of local coronavirus cases down to zero, Hong Kong is seeing its biggest surge since the outbreak began  — reporting more than 100 new cases a day.
trib.al/xoWGBfL
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam is delaying the regions legislative elections by a year — citing a resurgence in coronavirus cases.

Critics have decried it as the latest move to erode Hong Kongs autonomy.
trib.al/UJqJVes
New tactics among protesters in Portland include:

• A Wall of Moms who form a protective barrier between protesters and law enforcement
• A hockey stick to push back a tear gas canister
• A leaf blower to blow back the gas, a tactic used in Hong Kong trib.al/q31KLNz
Hong Kong Disneyland is temporarily closing its doors due to a spike in coronavirus cases within the city. As of Monday, Hong Kong has seen 1,469 infections and seven reported deaths.
trib.al/To3zS0S
Hong Kong schools reopened in May, after being closed since January. 

Things looked promising.

But now a spike in infections in the city has again led to their closure.
trib.al/cHHo6VD
Legal experts and Hong Kong civil society leaders say the new national security law ends once and for all any remaining autonomy the region enjoys under Chinese rule. 

Here are five takeaways about what it means for Hong Kong:
trib.al/F3mr9ec
The State Dept. ended the sale of military equipment to Hong Kong and the U.K. said it would offer a pathway to British citizenship for Hong Kongers — the latest flares of retaliation against China over its new national security law.
trib.al/oo6OiEV
The prominent pro-democracy activist Nathan Law says he has fled Hong Kong following Chinas enactment of a new national security law, which he said amounts to a complete destruction of the territorys autonomy.
trib.al/melrcGN
Beijing didnt unveil the full text of its controversial national security law in Hong Kong until after it was enacted.

Legal experts say it ends once and for all any remaining autonomy the region has under Chinese rule.

Heres what you need to know 👇
trib.al/FKycOfF
Beijing has enacted a controversial new security law in Hong Kong. It criminalizes secession, subversion of state power, terrorism and collusion with foreign entities — carrying a penalty of up to life in prison.

Police have arrested more than 300 people protesting the law. https://t.co/6rKUM6DsLR
The controversial security law, which could effectively criminalize most dissent in the city, will likely take effect on July 1, which is also the anniversary of Hong Kongs 1997 handover from British to Chinese rule. trib.al/YfzGWEd
On the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre, Hong Kongs legislative council has passed a law to criminalize making fun of Chinas national anthem.

It makes it punishable by up to three years in prison and heavy fines.
trib.al/UAXAdMc
Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he would be willing to allow nearly 3 million people from Hong Kong to live and work in the U.K. if China implements a controversial new national security law.
trib.al/NiBepU4
China has announced a bill that would allow them to directly respond to Hong Kong protesters, circumventing the territorys eroding semi-autonomy.

From @throughlineNPR: what Hong Kongers have been fighting for⤵️
trib.al/2E49nO7
President Trump says the U.S. intends to revoke Hong Kongs special customs status. He also says the U.S. is severing its ties with the WHO.
trib.al/tL3CfiD
Beijing is moving to impose a national security law in Hong Kong. Heres the breakdown:

• The legality of this power grab is unclear
• Beijing’s impact might not be limited
• Theres some local support 
• China’s security forces will likely enforce it trib.al/tKZ4GKL
President Trump is warning of possible sanctions this week against China over its treatment of Hong Kong. 

Its the latest source of friction in whats become an increasingly tense relationship between the worlds two biggest economies. trib.al/ydOKh2k
Chinas legislature has authorized a committee to draft and enact a controversial national security law aimed at suppressing dissent in Hong Kong. Its critics say the law would mark the end of the citys autonomy. trib.al/uNAtsJb
In a move that may jeopardize Hong Kongs special trade status, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo says he reported to Congress that no reasonable person can assert that the region remains autonomous from China. 
trib.al/jpaaa7i
Hong Kong police fired tear gas, pepper spray and water cannons as thousands of protesters rallied against proposed security measures aimed at tightening Beijings grip on the semi-autonomous territory.

trib.al/E1E2Or2
Hong Kong and Singapore were hit early with the coronavirus. But each now has fewer than 200 cases — while France, Germany and Spain, which were hit late, all have more than 10 times that number.
trib.al/6jTf4Wx
Hong Kong has managed to contain COVID-19 so far. The centerpiece of its strategy is aggressively tracking down suspected cases and quickly quarantining anyone whos potentially been exposed. trib.al/RPMCZqA
A Hong Kong bookseller who published critical volumes about Chinese leaders was kidnapped by Chinese agents while vacationing in Thailand in 2015.

Now, hes been sentenced to 10 years in prison for providing intelligence to people overseas. trib.al/Y9Yg1Xb
In 2003, a doctor who had treated SARS patients triggered a cascade of cases by infecting floormates at a Hong Kong hotel.

That’s the essence of a super-spreading event. trib.al/smXyQvW
I dont go home after work, says Dr. Alfred Wong, a cardiologist who works with coronavirus patients in Hong Kong. [I] stay away from my friends, stay away from my family.
trib.al/IaGVsqk
Starting this weekend, Hong Kong is imposing a mandatory 14-day quarantine for anyone arriving from mainland China.

Hong Kong has seen at least 18 confirmed cases of coronavirus so far, according to the World Health Organization.
trib.al/1q0LaO6
The number of confirmed coronavirus cases has jumped to 28,060 in China, with 564 deaths.

Starting this weekend, Hong Kong will impose a mandatory 14-day quarantine for anyone arriving from mainland China.
trib.al/ELLgq2X
For Hong Kong residents, the coronavirus outbreak is resurfacing memories of the devastating SARS outbreak in 2003, which left 299 dead in the city and crippled its economy. 

We cannot let what happened 17 years ago happen again, says one physician.
trib.al/Ng3wRrM
The first confirmed death from the novel coronavirus in Hong Kong comes as health workers there continue to strike to demand the border with mainland China be sealed. trib.al/3sShl9O
Hong Kong has confirmed its first death from the novel coronavirus. Its only the second death attributed to the new virus outside mainland China, where 425 people have died. trib.al/m8XVNlg
One doctor in Hong Kong says he understands why health care workers are protesting as coronavirus has spread from China: 

We dont have to be risking our lives doing our clinical works. This is not a natural disaster. This is a man-made catastrophe. trib.al/tiokv6B
Faced with nearly 700 suspected cases of Wuhan coronavirus, nurses in Hong Kong are threatening to go on strike if the city doesnt shut its border with mainland China. trib.al/t9368vC
One doctor in Hong Kong says he understands why health care workers are protesting as coronavirus has spread from China: We dont have to be risking our lives doing our clinical works. This is not a natural disaster. This is a man-made catastrophe. trib.al/EfobNIr
Faced with nearly 700 possible cases of Wuhan coronavirus, nurses in Hong Kong are threatening to go on strike if the city doesnt shut its border with mainland China. trib.al/KfYE0Cq
Pushing back on a plan to create an isolation center as the coronavirus continues to spread, protestors in Hong Kong set fire to an apartment building slated for patients who may be infected. https://t.co/yViggCW5rb
In an attempt to halt the spread of a rapidly-growing outbreak of a coronavirus, Chinese health authorities are quarantining Wuhan.

The disease has spread to virtually all other provinces as well as Hong Kong — none of which have been quarantined. trib.al/i4hRhHF
Taiwan largely wants to avoid becoming another Hong Kong, which could tip Saturdays election in favor of reelecting President Tsai Ing-wen, whose Democratic Progressive Party calls China the enemy of democracy.
trib.al/VfpqUCN
The 2010s began with the Arab Spring and Occupy protests, and ended with a swell of anti-government demonstrations in India, Iraq, Lebanon, Hong Kong, Latin America, parts of Europe and beyond. 

Heres a look at the decade in protest: n.pr/2Qewach https://t.co/EvqdXIej8m
Protests have been emblematic of the 2010s: They began with the Arab Spring and ended with a swell of anti-government demonstrations from Latin America to India, Sudan and Hong Kong.

Heres a look at protests that made their mark on a turbulent decade: n.pr/36dfVSH https://t.co/Y289FmtVUi
Amid months of protests and unrest in Hong Kong, embattled leader Carrie Lam got a public profession of support from Chinese President Xi Jinping during a visit on Monday. n.pr/2thpNMm
China is barring U.S. Navy port calls and American military aircraft from visiting Hong Kong — in retaliation for Washingtons recent adoption of legislation supporting pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.
 n.pr/35YYrsn
Taiwan largely wants to avoid becoming another Hong Kong, which could tip its January election in favor of President Tsai Ing-wen, whose Democratic Progressive Party calls China the enemy of democracy. n.pr/2P0JQGe
The Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act of 2019 allows the United States to level sanctions on individuals who carry out human rights violations in Hong Kong, which has been rocked by mass protests for more than five months. n.pr/2OtuuLt
Just in: President Trump has signed into law a bill supporting Hong Kong protesters – an action that could anger China at a time when Trump is trying to seal a trade deal to boost farm exports.
Amid anti-government protests in Hong Kong, Taiwan is again becoming a destination for political refugees from across greater China.

But Taiwan is treading carefully.
n.pr/2QSmTre
For roughly half a year, Hong Kongs streets have seethed with discontent. And the issues that set the protests in motion are complex. 

Heres a guide to whats happening.
n.pr/2rnr7MS
After Hong Kong voters handed pro-democracy candidates control of 17 of the regions 18 district councils, authorities in Hong Kong and Beijing are taking markedly different tacks responding to the landslide.
n.pr/2OFtgLQ
In Hong Kong, pro-democracy candidates have won hundreds of seats in local elections — in whats being seen as a resounding referendum on public support of protests. https://t.co/vg3yn9sHMH
After months of protests, pro-democracy candidates in Hong Kong appeared on course to make major gains in local elections in what many activists are calling a rebuke of Beijing. n.pr/2qxMICo
President Trump said he supports pro-democracy demonstrators in Hong Kong — but he stopped short of saying hed sign legislation requiring sanctions against China for any crackdown on protests.
n.pr/2QJrUCC
A Hong Kong citizen who went missing during a trip to mainland China in August says he was detained by secret police and tortured.

Simon Cheng, a former staffer at the U.K. consulate in Hong Kong, says he was accused of agitating pro-democracy protests. n.pr/2Oq5XFK
The number of protesters inside Hong Kong Polytechnic University has dwindled to about 100, as their food and water supply dwindles after a days-long standoff with police surrounding the campus.
n.pr/2Xv5vtP
Protesters are being allowed to leave after violent clashes with police at a Hong Kong university. NPRs Julie McCarthy has more. https://t.co/b1TkuuWZGZ
An estimated 600 pro-democracy protesters are locked in a violent standoff with police at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University campus, according to the student body president.
n.pr/2NYrqXb
Hong Kong police have warned protesters to leave the scene around a university and have threatened to respond with live bullets if protesters continue to use arrows and Molotov cocktails.
n.pr/35dQHm0
Hong Kong police threatened to respond with live bullets if protesters continue to use what they called lethal weapons. n.pr/2XoG6Ca
Police are accusing protesters in Hong Kong of firing arrows and tossing Molotov cocktails off bridges — a sign of escalating violence, even after more than five months of intense protests.
n.pr/2QkMf0w
As clashes increase in Hong Kongs anti-government protests, so, too, do the injuries. NPRs @JulieMcCarthyJM reports on the latest ⬇️ https://t.co/3Gik7Qzze6
Carrie Lam, Hong Kongs chief executive, signaled that she is prepared for a crackdown on protests as the U.S. State Department called on the government to address the underlying concerns of demonstrators.
n.pr/36VSeip
A day after increasingly tense clashes between police and protesters in Hong Kong, the U.S. State Department called on both sides to exercise restraint and seek dialogue.
n.pr/2X2Zg0j
In perhaps the most violent day since protests began, Hong Kong police shot an unarmed protester. In a separate incident, a man was set on fire after an apparent argument with pro-Hong Kong demonstrators. n.pr/33CmMnh
Roughly five months since massive protests first spread through Hong Kong, unrest has flared anew after a student died of injuries sustained during a protest. n.pr/2WYUMYE
Hong Kong police fired tear gas at costumed protesters who organized a Halloween masquerade to challenge a government ban on demonstrators wearing face masks.
n.pr/2WtRwUI
ICYMI: Hong Kong activist Joshua Wong has been disqualified from running in local council elections after an official said Wongs calls for self-determination in the territory were inconsistent with pledging allegiance to the city and its constitution.
n.pr/31Yfdp6
Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Joshua Wong has been barred from running in local district council elections.

An official said his calls for self-determination were inconsistent with pledging an oath of allegiance to the city and its constitution.
n.pr/2Wlj0vN
Prominent Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Joshua Wong has been barred from an election after an official said Wongs calls for self-determination in the territory were inconsistent with pledging an oath of allegiance to the city and its constitution. n.pr/2JxeKUy
Vice President Mike Pence has scolded the NBA and Nike for backing down from support for Hong Kong protesters after China complained — saying the NBA was acting like a wholly owned subsidiary of that authoritarian regime.
n.pr/35ZhlR3
This week, @ThroughlineNPR goes back to the China-British trade war in the 1800s to explore how Hong Kong became one of the most important, and most contested, cities in the world today. n.pr/2BjBumz
For months, Hong Kong has been wracked by protests. What are the demonstrators fighting for, and what does this have to do with the relationship with China?

@ThroughlineNPR explores this history in the latest episode: apple.co/2sXkQ8c
Caught between an urbanizing Hong Kong and a rising China, indigenous villages have largely chosen to ally with China.

Thats pitted them against thousands of protesters whove taken to Hong Kongs streets for months, demanding democratic reforms.
n.pr/2Bm8TNE
Jimmy Sham, one of Hong Kongs most prominent pro-democracy leaders, was brutally attacked in the Mong Kok district Wednesday evening — reportedly beaten with hammers by a group of unknown assailants.
n.pr/2IXVUWu
Chief among the proposals by Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam will be to redevelop about 700 hectares of unused private land for public housing in the citys northern New Territories region. n.pr/35H5Pt5
Hong Kongs chief executive cut short an annual policy address, amid shouts in support of anti-government protests and her resignation.
n.pr/2VT3aIA
LeBron James said he believed Houston Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey wasnt educated on the situation at hand when he tweeted his support for Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters.
n.pr/35ETVQq
Opinion: The NBAs apologies for Daryl Moreys free speech in support of Hong Kongs protesters may have shown Americans how much of our own free speech U.S. corporations are willing to surrender to keep doing business with China, says @nprscottsimon. n.pr/2MclnNX
Theres a growing movement to boycott Blizzard Entertainment after the company banned a professional esports player from competitions over his support for Hong Kongs pro-democracy protests.
n.pr/2nI66uU
The NBA says players will not address the media in news conferences after Saturdays game in China — after days of controversy sparked by a team executives tweet voicing support for pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong.
n.pr/2B6dSBI
Apple has removed an app used by activists in Hong Kong to track police activity at protests — the latest example of an American company bowing to pressure from Chinas government. Read more: n.pr/2VrEeaS https://t.co/c1TIKBSgiu
An app used by Hong Kong pro-democracy activists to crowdsource the location of protesters and police has been removed from the App Store by Apple, after Chinese state media suggested the tech giant was aiding rioters.
n.pr/33iTrNZ
FIFA has fined the Hong Kong Football Association after fans protested the Chinese national anthem at a World Cup qualifying game against Iran.

The association has been ordered to pay the equivalent of $15,000 and was given a warning.
n.pr/2VqzzWE
Blizzard Entertainment, the game developer behind World of Warcraft, has banned professional e-sports player Ng Wai Chung from competing — and has taken away his prize money — after he expressed support for Hong Kongs protest movement.
n.pr/30ZbRlr
Adam Silver, the NBAs commissioner, affirmed that the league will not censor players or personnel after it was criticized for its response to an employees tweet that expressed support for mass protests in Hong Kong.
n.pr/2Vml9a0
Carrie Lam, Hong Hongs chief executive, issued a veiled threat that Chinas military could intervene in the territory to quell violent anti-government protests, but said she still believes Hong Kong should find solutions ourselves.
n.pr/2AWpffm
Daryl Morey, the Houston Rockets general manager, apologized for a tweet expressing support for Hong Kong protesters after receiving backlash from the Chinese Basketball Association.
n.pr/359vZo9
Hong Kongs chief executive Carrie Lam used colonial-era emergency powers to enforce a ban on face masks at public gatherings. 

Still, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to defy the ban on Sunday. n.pr/35aLkF8
Hundreds of masked protesters peacefully marched through Hong Kong on Saturday — some linking arms to form human chains — in defiance of a decision to ban face masks at public gatherings only the day before. n.pr/31QV0Cx
Hong Kongs chief executive Carrie Lam is invoking emergency powers to ban face masks during public assemblies on Friday — an attempt to quell increasingly violent anti-government protests.
n.pr/30JxCFG
Those who violate the ban face a year in prison or a fine of up to 25,000 Hong Kong dollars, or about $3,200. Face paint will also be prohibited. n.pr/2VexSvu
Hong Kongs government is expected to invoke colonial-era emergency powers Friday in order to enact a ban on face masks used by pro-democracy protesters. Read more: n.pr/2M71QNE https://t.co/jjeMQ0SQmd
Hong Kongs government is expected to invoke emergency powers it hasnt used in more than 50 years so that it can ban face masks like the ones worn by pro-democracy protesters during months of demonstrations.
n.pr/2V8oER8
People in Hong Kong may have different views ... They have to solve these problems themselves, says Cui Tiankai, Chinas ambassador to the U.S., on the Hong Kong protesters desires.

The bottom line is that nobody should challenge Chinas sovereignty.
npr.org/2019/10/01/765…
A pro-democracy protester in Hong Kong was shot by police Tuesday — a sign of an escalating official response to months of mass demonstrations. A hospital authority confirmed the protester was hospitalized and is in critical condition. 
n.pr/2mEAVQH
With this years Golden Week celebrations, the Chinese Communist Partys rule will officially surpass the longevity of the Soviet Union, which collapsed in 1991. But the milestone comes at a time of economic uncertainty and dissent in Hong Kong.
n.pr/2ns585H
Protesters, many wearing masks and carrying umbrellas as protection against water cannon and tear gas, were back on the streets of Hong Kong on Sunday. Their rally launched the 17th week of demonstrations aimed at Chinas tightening grip on the territory.
n.pr/2m6cg79
This Saturday marks five years since the pro-democracy Umbrella Movement formed in Hong Kong. 

It also leads up to the 70th anniversary of the Peoples Republic of China next week. n.pr/2nck7QR
I didnt cooperate with the Russian intelligence services — I havent and I wont, Edward Snowden tells @nprfreshair. I destroyed my access to the archive. ... I had no material with me before I left Hong Kong. n.pr/30y8TEa
Twitter suspended more than 900 accounts it said were linked to a Chinese state effort to discredit Hong Kong protesters.

Those accounts were actually the most active more than two years before the demonstrations: right after the 2016 U.S. election. n.pr/2AuMq0s https://t.co/cgzMfmTCxF
Twitter and Facebook suspended hundreds of thousands of accounts they said were part of Chinese state-linked efforts to discredit protests in Hong Kong.

Through an NPR analysis, telling details begin to paint a portrait of massive disinformation campaigns
n.pr/2AsntCG
BREAKING: Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam announced she is officially withdrawing an extradition bill with China after more than 3 months of protests that have sometimes turned  violent.
n.pr/2zMzx1e
Saturday in Hong Kong was one of the most dramatic and violent days of unrest since June. n.pr/2zDsJTE
Thousands of pro-democracy demonstrators returned to the streets of Hong Kong on Saturday despite a police ban. 

The protests follow a coordinated wave of arrests of pro-democracy activists and politicians. n.pr/2zBcgPR
NPRs @EmilyZFeng live in Hong Kong: twitter.com/EmilyZFeng/sta…
A spokesman for the U.N. Human Rights Office said earlier this month that there is credible evidence of law enforcement officials in Hong Kong using force in ways that violate international norms and standards.
n.pr/32eQjlR
Hong Kongs police have arrested several prominent activists and lawmakers this week.

Thats part of the governments strategy, the citys chief executive says.
n.pr/2zyg8B2
As Hong Kongs government responds to pro-democracy protests, its main strategy has been to divert public anger toward the citys police force, which have arrested some 900 people since demonstrations began in June.
n.pr/2zy1zxv
Joshua Wong, Hong Kongs most famous pro-democracy leader, was arrested on Friday along with two fellow activists in a coordinated sweep.  n.pr/32kt5eh
Activists in Hong Kong were arrested Friday, a day before a planned pro-democracy march. Police have not announced charges.
n.pr/2ztb4Ot
An annual rotation of Chinese troops in Hong Kong normally seen as a routine maneuver is taking on a more ominous tone this year. n.pr/2zvbVy4
Clashes between police and protesters continued to escalate in Hong Kong over the weekend, with injuries and gunfire reported. Officials in Hong Kong are denouncing the violence. https://t.co/QRh5cuLlth
Hong Kong government officials said in a statement, The escalating illegal and violent acts of radical protesters are not only outrageous, they also push Hong Kong to the verge of a very dangerous situation. n.pr/31Xl4vo
In 2014, Hong Kongs pro-democracy movement was beset by divisions. This time, moderates and radicals are working together. 

If either one gets hurt, we feel the others pain, a moderate lawmaker says. n.pr/2zkRF1Z
The 12th straight weekend of demonstrations in Hong Kong turned violent after a period of relative calm. 

Police fired tear gas at pro-democracy demonstrators who had barricaded roads with bamboo and hurled bricks. n.pr/2zoIflX
For months, Hong Kongs streets have seethed with discontent. The images of demonstrations are astonishing, and the issues that spurred them are incredibly complex. 

NPR’s Colin Dwyer explains whats going on: https://t.co/Lr7pyd32HR
Google has suspended 210 YouTube channels it says were being used as part of a coordinated campaign to influence public opinion about the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. n.pr/2ziWn0m
A billionaire known as Hong Kongs richest man took out two newspaper ads that seem to warn against violence. 

But at least one scholar of Chinese literature says theres a hidden message of support for the protest movement. 
n.pr/3212eUn
Two newspaper ads by Li Ka-shing, a billionaire known as Hong Kongs richest man, warn against violence. 

But at least one scholar of Chinese literature sees a hidden message of support for the protest movement. n.pr/31Xj0U8
A staff member of Britains Hong Kong consulate who has been missing for nearly 2 weeks has been detained in mainland China, a Chinese official says. He has been given 15 days of administrative detention for violating unspecified security regulations.
n.pr/2zcifub
Earlier this month, Chinese state media launched disinformation efforts depicting the Hong Kong protests as riots funded by the CIA.

Then China-linked accounts flooded social media platforms with thousands of pro-Beijing posts and targeted ads. n.pr/31P6beH
Twitter and Facebook have identified at least a thousand Chinese state-linked accounts that flooded timelines with pro-Beijing posts and targeted advertisements about the Hong Kong protests.
n.pr/2z6vFb9
A 2016 Harvard study estimated that around half a billion Chinese social media posts a year are created by government-paid commentators.

The Hong Kong protests are the latest site of Chinas social media disinformation efforts.
n.pr/2z97BUT
🔹 Why are people protesting?
🔹 Whats the extradition bill?
🔹 Who are the major players?
🔹 Whats with the umbrellas?

Heres what you need to know about whats happening in Hong Kong:
n.pr/31SuUyF
Twitter says it has suspended nearly 1,000 accounts it believes are tied to Chinese state actors that aimed to deliberately sow political discord in Hong Kong. 
n.pr/31VRMNT
A weekend of protests in Hong Kong ended peacefully, marking a change from the violence in recent days. Organizers estimated that 1.7 million people turned out on Sunday. 📰 Read more: trib.al/BK2zxJy https://t.co/oCkIVNESgo
NPRs @akuhnNPRnews reporting from protests in Hong Kong: twitter.com/akuhnNPRnews/s…
Opinion: The protestors at Hong Kongs international airport might inconvenience tourists. 

But they might also pierce their conscience –– and make them consider if Chinas vast wealth can buy the silence of the world, @nprscottsimon says. n.pr/2z5gtuJ
Whether it’s Kazakhstan, Hong Kong or Ireland, there are Irish pub seemingly everywhere. Mel McNally’s company has created thousands of Irish pubs across 53 countries. 

All of them are unique, but they follow a very strict formula. 📽️ Watch here: n.pr/2zekmOh https://t.co/MsQRAr8rJD
The CEO of Cathay Pacific Airways, Hong Kongs flagship carrier, stepped down on Friday. The resignation comes after Beijing pressured the carrier to rein in its staff during anti-government protests at the Hong Kong International Airport.
n.pr/2z2JMhB
Residents of a pro-Beijing neighborhood in Hong Kong accuse protestors of hurting the local economy. But protestors argue the real harm is the U.S.-China trade war. n.pr/31CK2jq
President Trump has proposed a meeting with Chinese leader Xi Jinping to discuss how to humanely solve the months of protests that have roiled Hong Kong. The State Department has said its deeply concerned about China respecting Hong Kongs autonomy.
n.pr/31HBs33
A day after the Dows 800-point drop, which triggered fears of a global recession, European stocks were trending lower in early trading on Thursday while indexes in China and Hong Kong were mostly positive.
n.pr/31PWKMb
Chinese blogging platform Weibo has been flooded with nationalist messages and disinformation as Chinese state media attempt to create a very different narrative of what is happening in Hong Kong. n.pr/2yVqg6J
As anti-Beijing protests in Hong Kong enter their third month, Chinas leaders have turned to a raft of disinformation tactics, creating a very different narrative of the Hong Kong protests.
n.pr/31CJnhZ
Operations at Hong Kongs international airport appear to be returning to normal today after police broke up protests that had brought flights to a standstill.
n.pr/31FbJsa
Airport authorities in Hong Kong have suspended flight check-ins for the second time this week as protesters scuffled with police. 📰 Read more: n.pr/2ZYEKhL https://t.co/ph2BCKd3Zf
For weeks, Beijing largely ignored the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. But now Chinas response is undergoing a substantial shift, as its leaders turn to hostile rhetoric and encourage conspiracy theories about the protests.
n.pr/2yXLLUs
After days of pro-democracy protests, operations at Hong Kong International Airport are resuming. Demonstrators forced hundreds of flights to be canceled at one of the worlds busiest air hubs.
Just in: Normal operations have resumed at Hong Kong’s international airport. NPR’s Anthony Kuhn reports that staff are informing passengers the airport is operational, and are checking passengers in. n.pr/31D2yZk
More than 100 flights were canceled at Hong Kong International Airport Monday, after thousands of protesters filled the arrival and departures halls in the 10th straight week of pro-democracy protests.

China condemned the protests as signs of terrorism.
n.pr/2yQ6lGe
Hong Kongs pro-democracy protests, now in their 10th straight weekend, pose one of the most significant tests to Chinas leadership since the 1997 handover from Britain. n.pr/2yQDwt7
As demonstrations continue around Hong Kong, Amnesty International is warning that police are testing water cannons to use against the protesters. https://t.co/CZtfRFwSPk
@hkairport The protesters have sought to bring international attention to their campaign for greater freedom in Hong Kong.

The U.S. State Department on Thursday issued a travel advisory following the demonstrations.
npr.org/2019/08/09/749…
Dear travelers,

Please forgive us for the unexpected Hong Kong. Youve arrived in a broken, torn-apart city, not the one you have once pictured. 

Yet for this Hong Kong, we fight.

Thats what leaflets handed out by protesters at @hkairport said.
n.pr/2KEMzTk
A 34-year-old man has been accused by U.S. officials of bribing AT&amp;T employees to unlock more than 2 million phones as part of a scheme to resell stolen iPhones.

He has been extradited by the U.S. from Hong Kong.
n.pr/2KteS7n
The Justice Department says the U.S. has extradited a man from Hong Kong and accused him of bribing AT&amp;T employees to unlock over two million cellphones.
n.pr/2yJaNX6
Beijing warned Hong Kong protesters on Tuesday that China has tremendous power to put down protests and that those who engage in violence and crimes will be held accountable.
n.pr/2yJchAA
Hong Kong is charging 44 protesters with rioting in connection with a demonstration that turned violent on Sunday. If found guilty they reportedly could face up to 10 years in jail.

n.pr/2SZHIA3
On Saturday, standoffs in Hong Kong between police and protesters resulted in blocked roads and canisters of tear gas being fired. 
n.pr/2SM5PlJ
Thousands of pro-democracy organizers are occupying Hong Kong International Airport — filling the arrivals terminal.

Protesters are asking the city to completely withdraw a bill allowing for extradition to mainland China.
n.pr/2Ysa9rG
About three dozen people were injured Sunday night after an unidentified group attacked a crowd of anti-government protesters in Hong Kong. n.pr/2Y7J3pp https://t.co/2hKDTQeOeL
About three dozen people were injured as masked assailants wielding clubs attacked a crowd of mostly pro-democracy activists following a night of protests in Hong Kong. n.pr/2Y4d4GI
Tens of thousands of protesters returned to Hong Kongs streets Sunday, as opposition to an extradition bill transformed into a demand that an investigation be conducted into the forceful police tactics used during past demonstrations. n.pr/32IRHhu
After weeks of violent street protests, Hong Kongs leader says a controversial extradition bill is dead. 

Chief Executive Carrie Lam also called the governments handling of the situation a total failure. n.pr/2JqN0l7 https://t.co/d2B0cMV549
Hong Kongs leader said the bill that prompted weeks of street demonstrations is dead, admitting that the governments handling of it was a total failure.

Protest leaders say the bill should be formally withdrawn. n.pr/2NIL6QY
In Hong Kong, pro-democracy legislators say their government needs to examine the motive behind recent protests that resulted in large-scale vandalism. https://t.co/9gOmQCIcEG
Protesters smashed the glass door of Hong Kongs Legislative Council building on Monday — as demonstrations over a now-suspended extradition bill continue to roil Hong Kong. 📰 Read more: n.pr/2xpoLN8 https://t.co/uYH3nTgCdL
Protesters charged Hong Kongs Legislative Council building Monday — the latest in a string of massive protests over Beijings attempts to put a new extradition law into place.

Monday marks the 22nd anniversary of Hong Kongs return to Chinese control.
n.pr/2J2aaOj
Revolutions dont just happen. Certain factors can make or break a resistance campaign, political scientists say.

@planetmoney looks at the demonstrations in Hong Kong, where two characteristics are boosting protesters chance of success.
n.pr/2NcZyQL
The massive protests against the extradition bill highlighted Hong Kongs broader crisis: How it is going to handle its tricky relationship with Chinese authorities in Beijing, in a clash between two starkly different systems.
n.pr/2Xnjpkc
After being released from prison, Hong Kong activist Joshua Wong immediately called for Chief Executive Carrie Lam to resign — as thousands of protesters demanded that the government permanently withdraw an extradition bill. n.pr/2XkFz6z
Hello world and hello freedom, Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Joshua Wong said on Twitter. I have just been released from prison. GO HONG KONG!! Withdraw the extradition bill. Carrie Lam step down. Drop all political prosecutions!
n.pr/2XSisxf
The protests came after Hong Kongs top official Carrie Lam suspended a bill that would allow criminal suspects to be tried in China. 

Demonstrators say pausing the bill is not enough. They insist the bill be scrapped instead. n.pr/2XNrL1s
Hong Kongs top official issued a rare apology for her management of an extradition bill –– but stopped short of withdrawing the proposal. n.pr/2Xli7pK
A bill in Hong Kong which would allow criminal suspects to be extradited to mainland China triggered massive protest. The government now says it will be shelved indefinitely.  n.pr/2XQtint
Hong Kongs government has said it will indefinitely shelve a bill which would allow criminal suspects to be extradited to mainland China. n.pr/2X8EvCX
#Breaking: Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam has announced that the Hong Kong government will suspend efforts to enact legislation allowing criminal suspects to be extradited to mainland China. The bill prompted massive protests in Hong Kong.
A top Hong Kong adviser says he is recommending a reevaluation of the governments fast-track approach to a controversial extradition bill that has sparked mass protests. n.pr/2IerK16
Hundreds of thousands of protesters, marching against changes to Hong Kongs extradition laws, clashed with police today. They fear that changes to extradition laws would allow Chinese authorities to try dissents in courts governed by the Communist Party. https://t.co/KOmg0GilHh
The demonstrators are seeking to stop a bill that would allow people accused in Hong Kong to be sent to mainland China for trial. n.pr/2Ia3KfO
Organizers say more than a million people marched in the streets of Hong Kong yesterday to protest changes in extradition laws. The fear is that Chinese authorities would use the rules to try dissents, activists, and foreigners in courts governed by the Communist Party. https://t.co/WUFwRC9eM9
Tens of thousands of people flooded the streets of Hong Kong in a show of defiance against a government proposal that would allow people to be extradited to mainland China to face charges. n.pr/2R0lQDS
Just in: I.M. Pei, one of the world’s most well-known and respected architects, has died at the age of 102.

Among the buildings Pei designed were the pyramid at the Louvre in Paris, the East Wing of the National Gallery of Art in D.C., and the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong.
A Hong Kong district court has found nine activists guilty of public nuisance crimes for their roles in organizing massive pro-democracy rallies in 2014. n.pr/2IocqPX
In Hong Kong, nine activists were found guilty of public nuisance crimes, after organizing massive pro-democracy rallies that became known as the Umbrella Movement in 2014.
n.pr/2D3ngHS
A Hong Kong-based refugee family who helped shelter Edward Snowden when he was on the run has been granted asylum in Canada. n.pr/2Ou7B8T
A passenger coming from Hong Kong left more than 1,500 turtles and tortoises at a Filipino airport. Some were wrapped in duct tape, some were mixed into luggage items such as clothing, shoes and cookies. 
  n.pr/2UjGNdL
Stock markets in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea experienced sharp losses on the heels of a 608-point plunge in the Dow. n.pr/2PPvsQ5
In Hong Kong, videos showed buildings swaying, roofs torn off and windows blown out by fierce winds. At least 64 people have died in the Philippines. n.pr/2xhGQgo
Typhoon Mangkhut Kills At Least 12 As It Roars Through Philippines Towards Hong Kong n.pr/2pd2r5b
Hong Kong has 110 McDonalds outlets that are open 24 hours, and they are reluctant to remove customers, even if they are not eating. n.pr/2Ojt2rN
Hong Kongs McRefugees On The Rise Amid Summer Heat n.pr/2Oebbma
Hong Kong-based publisher Gui Minhai was arrested again by Chinese authorities — just three months after leaving police custody. npr.org/sections/thetw…
Booing Chinas national anthem has become a regular part of soccer matches in Hong Kong. But Beijing has recently made it illegal to disrespect the anthem. n.pr/2i9BorY
Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Leaders Released On Bail n.pr/2yEA3PR
Hong Kong Broadcasters Decision To Drop BBC Prompts Anger n.pr/2vFPeru
David Tang, Hong Kong Bon Vivant And Entrepreneur, Dies At 63 n.pr/2vGlVkw
3 Hong Kong Activists Jailed For Role In 2014 Umbrella Protests n.pr/2fOUxO8
Eggs tainted with the pesticide fipronil have been found in Hong Kong and at least 16 countries in Europe. npr.org/2017/08/11/542…
Europes Egg-Contamination Scandal Spreads As Far As Hong Kong n.pr/2vtl1sh
Deadly snakes in cans, sent from Hong Kong via USPS. And yes, likely on a plane.
n.pr/2eQKWFX
Hong Kongs High Court Expels Pro-Democracy Lawmakers n.pr/2sYTDQT
Chinese Carrier Makes First Hong Kong Port Call n.pr/2sy7kpJ
Chinese Leader Warns Hong Kong Not To Buck Beijings Authority n.pr/2sds4CR
Hong Kongs Last British Governor Criticizes Beijing 20 Years After Handover n.pr/2ts2P3I
Rooftop Republic, a gardening cooperative, aims to make the best use out of Hong Kongs thousands of roofs.
n.pr/2u4kJGo
In Hong Kong, a gardening cooperative is helping residents rediscover farming — in the sky.
n.pr/2u4kJGo
Leaders of Umbrella Movement in Hong Kong were told to report to police on charges of causing a public nuisance n.pr/2nZH1tA
The apparent crackdown comes one day after Hong Kong selected a new chief executive. Group leaders have reportedly turned themselves in.
Police called at least 9 people behind the 2014 pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong to inform them of charges n.pr/2o1tySt
Hong Kong Police Move To Arrest Umbrella Movement Organizers n.pr/2ooVxrk
Carrie Lam said her priority is to heal the divide in Hong Kong society and to form a government based on talent. n.pr/2mEArJa
Carrie Lam, Beijings Favored Candidate, Elected To Lead Hong Kong n.pr/2nTieaj
BREAKING: Chinas favored candidate has won Hong Kongs election for chief executive. Heres some background: n.pr/2n5Y35A
Sundays election in Hong Kong was expected to be the 1st time in which each resident could for citys top leader n.pr/2ng8QLe
China Steps In To Bar 2 Newly Elected Hong Kong Legislators From Office n.pr/2fL9HU0
Hong Kong is struggling with an identity crisis. n.pr/2dXI1ZZ https://t.co/D2IUvGcwSF
Hong Kong Activist Is Barred From Entering Thailand, Reportedly At Chinas Request n.pr/2dFxzXe
A former protest leader, Hong Kongs youngest lawmaker says he will support more protests against the mainland. n.pr/2dF30kd https://t.co/q1kg2H1h6C
Pro-Democracy Activists Avoid Jail Time For 2014 Hong Kong Protests n.pr/2aYd7x6
$72 Million In Bitcoins Stolen From Hong Kong Exchange n.pr/2aPyrrW
KFC Unveils Edible, Chicken-Flavored Nail Polish In Hong Kong n.pr/1rXWXLm
Meet the Hong Kong bookseller whos keeping banned books on his shelves. @MorningEdition n.pr/1nMHV9h https://t.co/sRyzFa8V8d
Company partners w/theaters to launch gaming leagues in US, Hong Kong &amp; Canada. 
@npralltech
n.pr/1SjoLPU http://t.co/2YZZXA70Xw
Beijing Brushes Aside Hong Kongs Rejection Of Electoral Reform n.pr/1Bm1nz0
Hong Kong Protesters Renew Push For Electoral Reform n.pr/1Bbz1aA
China Restricts Travel By Shenzen Residents To Hong Kong n.pr/1EtCgK9
China Seizes Toilet Tissue Featuring Likeness Of Hong Kong Leader n.pr/1Iparpo
Hong Kongs Pro-Democracy Activists Stage New Protest n.pr/1HG6w7l
Top Stories: Hong Kong Protesters Cleared; U.S. Closes Afghan Center n.pr/1BfEKaL
In Hong Kong, Police Clear Final Occupy Protest Site n.pr/1DfSGXd
Top Stories: West Coast Storms; Hong Kong Protests To End n.pr/1B84kyB
Officials Set To Dismantle Final Occupy Camp In Hong Kong n.pr/1D9q1Tw
Hong Kong Police Repel Protesters Run On Government Complex n.pr/1CxZeA5
Hong Kong Police Push Back Pro-Democracy Protesters n.pr/1xZU33X
Hong Kong Police Arrest Protest Leaders, More Than 100 Others n.pr/1CdsOdV
Hong Kong Begins Clearing Main Protest Camp As Demonstrators Watch n.pr/1xh1g35
Hong Kong Democracy Leaders Barred From Traveling To Beijing n.pr/11bkp9v
Tweet In Hong Kong Puts Kenny G In Jam With Communist Party n.pr/1D0s86U
Hong Kong Students March On Chief Executives Residence n.pr/1CVguu1
Top Stories: Hong Kong Political Talks; Pistorius Sentenced n.pr/123J8hf
Hong Kong Leader Hints At Concessions As Talks With Students Begin n.pr/123pQZa
Hong Kong Leader Blames External Forces For Joining Protests n.pr/11WQrar
Hong Kong Activists Clash With Police, Retake Protest Site n.pr/11KBdoN
Top Stories: Ebola Patient Moved; Hong Kong Demonstrations n.pr/11CnTCP
Hong Kong Police Launch Dawn Raid To Dismantle Protest Site n.pr/1CvpzJC
Top Stories: Congress To Check Ebola Response; Hong Kong Protests n.pr/11teYU9
Hong Kongs Renewed Offer Of Talks With Protesters Meets Skepticism n.pr/11teXzB
Top Stories: New Suspected Ebola Case In U.S.; Hong Kong Protests n.pr/1EXDPiu
More Clashes In Hong Kong Between Police, Pro-Democracy Protesters n.pr/1EXDP1M
IN PICTURES: A Chaotic, Violent Day In Hong Kong, As Police Clear Streets n.pr/1EVwos8
Book News: China Said To Blacklist Authors In Response To Hong Kong Unrest n.pr/1ET2Ued
Makeshift Barriers Show Unions and Divides In Hong Kongs Protest Movement n.pr/1qYR2Nq
Hong Kong Police Clear Some Protest Barricades n.pr/1qP8P9U
Hong Kong Officials Call Off Talks With Student Activists n.pr/1qp7iHk
Hong Kong Protest Sites Quieter After Weekend Of Arrests n.pr/1EkmH6g
Occupy Central: Faces From Hong Kongs Pro-Democracy Movement n.pr/1EhpYmK
In Hong Kong, Protesters Appear To Remove Some Blockades n.pr/1pWplEv
Hong Kong Police Can Take All Actions Necessary, City Leader Says n.pr/1Edps9q
IN IMAGES: A Violent Day For Hong Kongs Occupiers n.pr/1ra7l9V
Top Stories: Hong Kong Protesters Attacked; Jobless Rate Falls n.pr/1r8EVNJ
Anti-Protest Mob Attacks Hong Kong Student Camp n.pr/1E8wDQa
Top Stories: More Hong Kong Protests; ISIS War Crimes Allegations n.pr/1E4doXO
Hong Kong Police Warn Protesters Not To Occupy Government Buildings n.pr/1E3UqRi
One System, Two Media: How China, Hong Kong Are Covering The Protests n.pr/1E0yIO2
Top Stories: Hong Kong Demonstrations; Islamist Militant Attacks n.pr/1rFEY7b
Hong Kong Protesters Vow To Step Up Pro-Democracy Campaign n.pr/1rFgsTN
Top Stories: Hong Kong Protests; Questions On White House Security n.pr/1rA9Wh8
Hong Kong Leader To Protesters: Stop Campaign Immediately n.pr/1DUXfE9
Whats At Stake For Hong Kong? n.pr/1pCkuID
Top Story: Hong Kong Protesters Rally Against Police n.pr/1DR8M7u
Hong Kong Tense As Democracy Activists Face Down Police n.pr/1DQPKht
Hong Kong Police Use Tear Gas On Large Pro-Democracy Protest n.pr/1uTEaeZ
Hong Kong Students Begin Boycott To Call For Democracy n.pr/1uSie6g
Harvard To Get $350-Million Gift From Hong Kong Group n.pr/1ruQWh8
Open Elections Ruled Out In Hong Kong; Potential Showdown Looms n.pr/1ugoNNZ
China Rules Out Open Elections In Hong Kong n.pr/1pYVoIN
Hong Kong Activists Protest Chinas Control Of Leadership Vote n.pr/1pYIGtp
Thousands Rally In Hong Kong To Call For Democratic Vote n.pr/1lO3Nwt
Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Poll Garners More Than 780,000 Votes n.pr/1lFMOfH
Beijing: Hong Kong Democracy Referendum An Illegal Farce n.pr/1mfp2XX
China Signals Heavier Hand On Dissent In Hong Kong n.pr/1l9FLXu
Book News: Chinese Court Hands Hong Kong Publisher 10-Year Sentence n.pr/1l6oz8G
WATCH: Giant Container Ship Collides With Hong Kong Park n.pr/1fYboFB
Hong Kong Says UBS Tried To Rig Interbank Lending Rate n.pr/1iKpY2l
Hong Kong To Destroy Ivory Stockpile n.pr/1dCmxLj
American WWII Bomb Unearthed, Defused In Hong Kong n.pr/1f1rmKu
Powerful Typhoon Has Hong Kong In Its Sights n.pr/1fi742F
Hong Kong Bans Shark Fin At Official Functions n.pr/19PTMX2
NSA Leaker Departs Hong Kong, Reportedly Headed To Venezuela n.pr/12WJ6WG
Hong Kong: Snowden Has Left The Country n.pr/170TUCc
Rubber Ducky, Youre (Not) The One. Hong Kong Quacker Spawns Others n.pr/15E1sKK
Tons Of Plastic Pellets: Hong Kongs Typhoon Clean-Up Could Take Months n.pr/Rd7drW
Hong Kongs Elite Pick Beijings Choice As Leader n.pr/GXGLAx
For Hong Kong And Mainland, Distrust Only Grows n.pr/GT0Jdw
In Hong Kong, A Growing Taste For Organic Food n.pr/xwf5Ur
3-D Porn Film Beats Hong Kong Box Office Record Set By Avatar http://n.pr/gvICaa
Google To Stay In China; To Base Search Servers In Hong Kong http://su.pr/1eDuLv
Google To Shift Chinese Users To Hong Kong http://su.pr/6SdOoT
Hong Kong Democrats Retain Veto Power http://tinyurl.com/624rec
Global Markets Follow Wall Streets Steep Drop: Markets in Tokyo Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore and the Phil.. http://tinyurl.com/2z7eef

